README.md, before:

[![Gitpod ready-to-code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-ready--to--code-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/susanmarie87/MS2-Game)

Sit, relax, and Align The Chakras in this simple memory game. This game is desgined to be challenging yet relaxing 
all in one. This game is desgined to fit all screens so enjoy on your desktop, tablet, or mobile phone. 

Image

Live site hosted on Github pages HERE

UX
As a user, I want to play a rousing matching game.

As a user I want the game to be able to keep my attention.

As a user I want the game to be a good challenge

As a user choosing a card matching game, I want the memory game to sharpen my mind.

As a user, I want this game to function properly.

As a user, I want this game to be mobile first responsive.

Wireframes
Basic Wireframes
![Image]('assets/MS2-WireFrame/images.jpg')

Final Wireframes

Existing Features

Technologies Used
HTML5

CSS

Bootstrap

Github

Git

JavaScript

W3C validation

Testing
Each page on the website was tested for screen resposiveness to ensure breakpoints.

The code was ran through each specific validator to make sure it passed.

Tested all social media links

Ran HTML code through WS3 Markdown validator. Minor warnings appeared regarding button element not permitted in the "a" element. Resolved this by replacing button element with div element

Removed unnecessary code that was flagged in HTML validator.

Ran CSS through WS3 validator- PASSED.

Ran JavaScript through JSHint. First pass returned 15 errors.

Tested game on each mobile device. 

#Bugs & errors
Originally I could not stop the hover effect over the cards. This extremely painful and month long issue was resolved with the help
of my mentor Gerard McBride by adding an Onclick event to each card and putting the hover effect into a  JavaScript function. 


Deployment
Align The Chakras has been deployed on GitHub Pages with the following process:

All code was written on Gitpod, a cloud-based IDE.

The code was then pushed to GitHub where it is stored in my Repository.

Under the Settings section of the GitHub repository, scroll down to GitHub Pages section.

Under 'Source' drop-down, the 'Master branch' was selected.

Once selected, this publishes the project to GitHub Pages and displays the site URL.

There is no difference between the deployed version and the development version.

The code can be run locally through clone or download. You can do this by opening the repository, clicking on the green 'Code' button and selecting either 'clone or download'.

The Clone option provides a URL, which you can use on your desktop IDE.

The Download ZIP option provides a link to download a ZIP file which can be unzipped on your local machine or uploaded to your cloud-based IDE workspace.

Credits:

Card Image:
https://unsplash.com/@maxineficheux
https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1566745914757-00febc880ff9?ixid=MXwxMjA3fDB8MHxzZWFyY2h8NjZ8fGxhdmVuZGVyJTIwZmxvd2VyfGVufDB8fDB8&ixlib=rb-1.2.1&auto=format&fit=crop&w=500&q=60

<a href='https://www.freepik.com/photos/flower'>Flower photo created by tawatchai07 - www.freepik.com</a>
Acknowledgements
Code Institute

https://www.shutterstock.com/ja/blog/wp-content/uploads/sites/6/2017/02/shutterstock_438865177.jpg

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57452099/how-do-i-add-grid-in-multiple-flip-cards-in-html

https://yogapractice.com/yoga/balancing-7-chakras/

Commit message:

Updated README and deleted unecessary code from html/css

README.md, after:

[![Gitpod ready-to-code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-ready--to--code-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/susanmarie87/MS2-Game)

Sit, relax, and Align The Chakras in this simple memory game. This game is desgined to be challenging yet relaxing 
all in one. This game is desgined to fit all screens so enjoy on your desktop, tablet, or mobile phone. 

Image

Live site hosted on Github pages HERE

UX
As a user, I want to play a rousing matching game.

As a user I want the game to be able to keep my attention.

As a user I want the game to be a good challenge

As a user choosing a card matching game, I want the memory game to sharpen my mind.

As a user, I want this game to function properly.

As a user, I want this game to be mobile first responsive.

Wireframes
Basic Wireframes
![Image]('assets/MS2-WireFrame/images.jpg')

Final Wireframes

Existing Features

Technologies Used
HTML5

CSS

Bootstrap

Github

Git

JavaScript

W3C validation

Testing
Each page on the website was tested for screen resposiveness to ensure breakpoints.

The code was ran through each specific validator to make sure it passed.


Ran HTML code through WS3 Markdown validator. Minor warnings appeared regarding button element not permitted in the "a" element. Resolved this by replacing button element with div element

Removed unnecessary code that was flagged in HTML validator.

Ran CSS through WS3 validator- PASSED.

Ran JavaScript through JSHint. First pass returned 15 errors.

Tested game on each mobile device. 

#Bugs & errors
Originally I could not stop the hover effect over the cards. This extremely painful and month long issue was resolved with the help
of my mentor Gerard McBride by adding an Onclick event to each card and putting the hover effect into a  JavaScript function. 
This victory did not last long and the cards would not flip back over no matter what. I ended up removing the card elements from html and created a card array in JAvascript. I then went on to rebuild my entire code.
The game works properly now.




#Deployment
Align The Chakras has been deployed on GitHub Pages with the following process:

All code was written on Gitpod, a cloud-based IDE.

The code was then pushed to GitHub where it is stored in my Repository.

Under the Settings section of the GitHub repository, scroll down to GitHub Pages section.

Under 'Source' drop-down, the 'Master branch' was selected.

Once selected, this publishes the project to GitHub Pages and displays the site URL.

There is no difference between the deployed version and the development version.

The code can be run locally through clone or download. You can do this by opening the repository, clicking on the green 'Code' button and selecting either 'clone or download'.

The Clone option provides a URL, which you can use on your desktop IDE.

The Download ZIP option provides a link to download a ZIP file which can be unzipped on your local machine or uploaded to your cloud-based IDE workspace.

Credits:

Flamethrower Card Image taken from:
https://unsplash.com/@maxineficheux
https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1566745914757-00febc880ff9?ixid=MXwxMjA3fDB8MHxzZWFyY2h8NjZ8fGxhdmVuZGVyJTIwZmxvd2VyfGVufDB8fDB8&ixlib=rb-1.2.1&auto=format&fit=crop&w=500&q=60

<a href='https://www.freepik.com/photos/flower'>Flower photo created by tawatchai07 - www.freepik.com</a>
Acknowledgements
Code Institute

https://www.shutterstock.com/ja/blog/wp-content/uploads/sites/6/2017/02/shutterstock_438865177.jpg



Chakra images adapted from:
https://yogapractice.com/yoga/balancing-7-chakras/
